add subtitles codecs found in Haali's list (#858)
ietf-wg-cellar/matroska-specification: codec_specs.md

Description: The [Script Info] and [V4 Styles] sections are stored in the codecprivate. Each event is stored in its own `Block`.
For more information see (#ssa-ass-subtitles) on SSA/ASS.

### S_TEXT/USF

Codec ID: S_TEXT/USF

Codec Name: Universal Subtitle Format

Description: An XML based subtitle format.
Each `BlockGroup` contains XML data from a "subtitle" XML element as defined in section 3.4 of [@!USF],
without the "subtitle" element itself and with the start, stop duration mapped to the `BlockGroup` timestamp and `BlockDuration` element.
The "image" XML elements are turned into Matroska attachements and replaced in the stream with their attachment filename.

> Initialization: The `CodecPrivate` **MAY** contains the "metadata", "styles" and "effects" XML elements usable in the whole stream inside a parent "USFSubtitles" XML element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization: The `CodecPrivate` element **MAY** be present. If so, it **MUST** contain the "metadata", "styles" and "effects" XML elements usable in the whole stream inside a parent "USFSubtitles" XML element.
```

Author: (I had a look at the specs AND the VLC code to know how it's mapped to Matroska)
